# Budgeting app idea  
  
Have a calendar that has pay days on it and then there is a little tile for each payment that has to be made (think April Phone, May Phone, April Mortgage, May Mortgage, etc).   
  
Users can then drag and drop these tiles onto the day that they think they should pay it and then be able to visualize it like that.   
  
I want to build a budgeting web app that allows me to visualize the way I see the bills and when they are supposed to be paid. There should be a homepage that explains what the app is and all that, like a hero section, some screenshots of the app & a get started section and all that. There should also be some navigation at the top that includes buttons to “Sign Up” or “Login”. If the users logs in successfully they should have like a “my profile” button at the top where the sign up & login are. When users sign up they should start by getting the paydays, their amounts & their frequencies (weekly, biweekly, etc.). Users can add multiple paydays to their profile. These paydays will then allow the dates on the calendar to be highlighted/marked to indicate it’s a pay day. Next the users will add their bills/regular payments. Each bill should have an amount, frequency & start date. We can use the start date to generate approximate bill dates. These will be used to generate cards/tiles for each payment for the next 12 months. Next we will have the “calendar view” where users can add/adjust the days they expect to the pay the bills. When the users first interact with the calendar it will have the bill cards on the due dates that are calculated. The users can then drag & drop the bill cards around to the different days that they actually want to pay them. Users should also be able to add “one-item payments” that is just a single card that you can place on the calendar.  
